This is the first release of DL4MicEverywhere! 🚀 
Bellow there is a list of all the initial features that DL4MicEverywhere comes with. 😄
Additionally, all the Docker Images that can be built with the configurations from DL4MicEverywhere will be automatically published on [our Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/henriqueslab/dl4miceverywhere). 🐳 

# Main Features

- An easy-to-use Graphical User Interface (GUI) for both simple and advanced users:
    - Simple mode parameters:
        - Notebook name (from a given default list of notebooks).
        - Path to the data folder.
        - Path to the results folder.
        - GPU usage or not.
        - Custom tag for the Docker Image (optional).
    - Advanced mode parameters:
        - Local configuration file.
        - Local notebook file.
        - Local requirements file.
- A parametrized Dockerfile that takes care of installing the features bellow and automatically converts the provided notebook into a 'colabless' format (replacing the magic widgets with ipywidgets, keeping the no-code strategy):
    - Operative System libraries.
    - NVIDIA drivers inside the Docker Image.
    - Python (with the requested version).
    - Python libraries (from requirements file and the required ones for launching the notebook).
- A bash script responsible of reading the arguments, building the Docker Image and running it. Additionally, in the process, it performs some checking/testings and gives human-readable feedback to the user in case some problem happens (e.g. Docker Desktop not installed or launched).
- A collection of configurations to create a wide collection of Docker Images.
- A Continuous Integration system based on GitHub actions to:
    - Automatically build some of the documentation.
    - Check new contributions (Pull Request), if the provided configuration follows the specified schema and if a Docker Image can be built with it. 
    - Automatically publish the Docker Images into Docker Hub.
- A thoughtful documentation explaining all the steps for the installation and usage.